A premier logistics service located in Main Reef road Elandsfontein"Specializing n logistical services we are dedicated

to providing efficient and reliable manageable solutions to meet the diverse needs of our clients on time. We we price ourselves on our
commitment to excellence and customer satisfaction


Live system

Full yard camera coverage


About us want a team profile as well


Website must be Vuyela Group
So these tie in to the main group

Vuyela Bulk
Vuyela Logistics
Vuyela Refuel
Vuyela Freight


Customer also wants to say they are environmentally friendly and pride themselves in that following the best practices


Vission customer wants a vision who where what when

Vuyela group as a leading logisitics company nationally and internationally for logistics and warehousing through action and growth ultimately contributing
to the gdp of South Africa


Mission how will we achieve and why

Expertise and knowledge, responsible and accountable, custodian, honesty
commitment to serive excellence customer satisfaction be a customer not a client hands on experience reputation"


Flexable and well trained staff


Providing a complete logistics solution Ores & Minerals bulk and break bulk imports and exports warehousing and containerization transport logistics


24 Hours, speed / efficiency / cost after hours container tracking close relationship with transporters and Transnet / Ship Planners

Weighbridges are solas certified

About us 

Vuyela began with 1 truck transporting commodities for a sa mining contractor and has grown into a reputable company and a industry leader in local and international


Sound relationship with TFR / shipping agents / ship planners

Adhere to NOSA safety"

24/7 Opperation

Delays kep to a minimun because rucks have to make Money

Alligned with many transport companies as strategic partners ti achieve movement of product and services and ultimate customer satisfaction


Services Provided

Bulk Warehousing / Transport / Handling
Break Bulk 
Containerization
Ocean Freight Management
Bond Facility (SARS)
Transport Logistics (Own Fleet)
Services offered are customer specific
Each customer treated as if only one

Key Comodoties
Chrome - Concentrate & ROM
Bagged Cargo
Lets do minerals as a whole

Bond Registered area

Vuyela as custodian accepts responsibility for safety, protection and security

Shipping mainly to asia can facilitate exports to any country

Complete hands on company including the directors


Mining logistics

With our well trained and knowladagebale staff with specialities with years of experience in the commodity and mining sector provide practical and
real logistical solutions to both local and international customers

Agricultural logistics

With more than 7 billion people on the planet we demand to keep the African agricultural sector producing is challenging to say the least this industry'
also is dependant upon reliable flexible supply chain partners to keep up with the demand vuyela is such a partner


VUYELA GROUP
Locally invested. Globally connected.

[Handwritten insertion at top]: Logistics commencing with 1 truck transporting comm... for a SA mining contractor. Over the years

The Vuyela ~~group was established in 2019~~ at City Deep focusing on stockpiling, storage and packing of 6m and 12m containers for vessel bookings for various customers and has successfully managed the rail and road logistics to Durban to meet vessel stacks.

Vuyela group has expanded its operations, purchasing additional equipment, employing additional skilled staff and obtaining additional yard space to accommodate the ever-increasing customer base.

The Vuyela group has a hands-on commitment to service excellence and places significant emphasis on exceeding the Customers’ expectations by consistently delivering operational excellence, rather than by focusing its entire effort on the technological aspects of logistics and supply chain solutions.

The Vuyela group continues to develop and refine the concept of a “new generation logistics company,” concentrating its efforts on finding lasting logistical solutions.

The company has delivered robust, effective, and economical logistics solutions to the South African transport market, thereby becoming the Logistics Partner of choice to organisations who need to move containers and bulk commodities within the borders

AREAS OF SPECIALISATION

The Vuyela group specialises in moving containerised traffic as well as bulk commodities and industrial input materials such as coal, manganese, chrome, iron ore, ferrochrome and ferromanganese, primarily containerized, by rail. The Vuyela group also has a bagging facility for the bagging of the various commodities based on customer requirements.


Change of address. Tel: No’s Hours: Photo’s Contact #’s

VUYELA GROUP
Locally invested. Globally connected.

[Handwritten insertion above first paragraph]: Custodian of customer product [Checkmark]

The Vuyela group was established in 2022 at City Deep focusing on stockpiling, storage and packing of 6m and 12m containers for vessel bookings for various customers and has successfully managed the rail and road logistics to Durban to meet vessel stacks.

Vuyela group has expanded its operations, purchasing additional equipment, employing additional skilled staff and obtaining additional yard space to accommodate the ever-increasing customer base.

The Vuyela group has a hands-on commitment to service excellence and places significant emphasis on exceeding the Customers’ expectations by consistently delivering operational excellence, rather than by focusing its entire effort on the technological aspects of logistics and supply chain solutions.

The Vuyela group continues to develop and refine the concept of a “new generation logistics company,” concentrating its efforts on finding lasting logistical solutions.

The company has delivered robust, effective, and economical logistics solutions to the South African transport market, thereby becoming the Logistics Partner of choice to organisations who need to move containers and bulk commodities within ~~the borders~~ Gauteng [Handwritten substitution].

AREAS OF SPECIALISATION

The Vuyela group specialises in moving containerised traffic as well as bulk commodities and industrial input materials such as coal, manganese, chrome, iron ore, ferrochrome and ferromanganese, primarily containerized, by rail. The Vuyela group also has a bagging facility for the bagging of the various commodities based on customer requirements.

[Handwritten notes at the bottom of the page]:

The logistics sector was established in 2019 ~~focusing~~ This sector comprises of a truck fleet moving cargo from Point A to B. Stacking containers at TFR terminal Delivery of import containers and local logistics.

The Bulk sector was established in 2022 which focuses on warehousing, stockpiling, packing of containers and delivery to TFR terminal or road haul to Durban port.



VUYELA Group Company Profile
The company has invested extensively in the Elandsfontein operational office. The Vuyela group has a strong local operational presence.

Further investment is planned for more expansion in logistical operations, as well as skilled and experienced operational personnel.

The skilled and experienced personnel complement now numbers over 60 and are supplemented by business partner skills as and where necessary.

The Vuyela group strives to provide Customers with a structured, holistic logistics management service by offering:

Innovative logistics solutions;

Multi-modal option;

Fleet of Vuyela group trucks to facilitate secondary distribution;

Wide range of Vuyela group owned material handling equipment;

Dedicated warehouse space;

Registered Bond Area.

Access to customs clearing and forwarding expertise;

Containers and container handling equipment owned by Vuyela group, and

The Vuyela group personnel being physically present at critical points in the chain.

ADDING VALUE TO BUSINESS
Through its experiences since 2022, together with the extensive skills of its management and personnel, the Vuyela group understands the significance of being able to rely completely on a logistics infrastructure to achieve business objectives.

The Company’s mission clearly recognises the importance of logistics to a successful business:

"In the fiercely competitive environments that our Customers operate, meeting delivery deadlines is critical to business sustainability and growth.



UYELA Group Company Profile
The challenge lies in aligning and integrating the service offerings of transport parastatals and concessionaires with the Customers’ business needs – and this is where the Vuyela group adds measurable value - the benefit to all our Customers is total peace of mind in the knowledge that the Vuyela group is out there, delivering on their behalf.”

The Vuyela group has the support of Transnet and has a deep-rooted existing relationship with majority of the registered road freight companies.

HANDS-ON LOGISTICS SOLUTIONS
Ensuring that goods arrive on time and intact involves being innovative and creative in the usage of the services offered by the, sometimes inflexible, railway operators. The Vuyela group can adapt to any set of circumstances and any type of operational challenge that it may be faced with.

MONITORING TRAFFIC
The Vuyela group has a sound relationship with Transnet and the road freight industry and using our expertise and relationship contacts, every container and rail wagon is strictly monitored daily and daily reporting is made to the customer. Continuous monitoring is done until the entire shipment has arrived at the destination or stacked, while ensuring that the highest levels of services are met.

1. LEAD LOGISTICS MANAGEMENT
Under this model Vuyela group provides a complete transportation and related logistics service offering. Vuyela group will negotiate rates and secure the necessary capacity with various preferred service providers (warehousing, rail, road, and sea) and will then offer a comprehensive solution to Customers at a single consolidated rate.


VUYELA Group Company Profile
The Customer has no contractual relationship with the primary service providers. Vuyela group offers a single point of contact and adds value by assuming full responsibility for the efficient planning and management of the total logistics function.

2. RAIL OPERATIONS MANAGEMENT
Under this model the Customer maintains their own contractual relationship and account with the primary service providers. Vuyela group is contracted to the Customer to perform a management and monitoring role and often deals directly with the service provider on the Customer’s behalf. Vuyela group will plan, manage, and monitor logistics for the Customer for an agreed management fee.

INTERMODAL
CONTAINERS:

Vuyela group offers its customers solutions to move containers by rail and road. We move containers daily to and from South Africa’s major Ports. Vuyela group can offer customers a service to move a single container or a whole train load of containers with speed and efficiency.

The Intermodal service that we offer can be divided into two categories namely:

Import Containers – The management of containers that enter through South African Ports to either a local or over border (SADC) destination;

Export Containers – The management of containers leaving through South African Ports, from either local or over border (SADC) destinations.

ROADHAUL AND WAREHOUSING SERVICES:
Vuyela group offers road transport and warehousing services as part of our Logistics Chain to our customers.



VUYELA Group Company Profile
CUSTOMS:
Vuyela group offers Border Clearance in/out of South Africa and over border (SADC) destinations, acquittals, documentation etc.

OCEAN FREIGHT:
Vuyela group offers a complete package of freight forwarding services. We can manage the customers’ ocean freight transportation and accommodate various shipment sizes.

THE FUTURE OF LOGISTICS : MARKET DEMAND
Vuyela group has always been at the creative forefront in terms of delivering value to its Customers, and to this end has recognized the imperatives of transformation as well as the ability to deliver “one-stop” total solutions.

This aids the Customer in addressing a number of key performance areas in their own businesses and ensures that logistics costs are consolidated for ease of management.

In order to sustain this growth and ensure that, at all times, service levels exceed Customers expectations, Vuyela group has embarked on a strategic initiative to partner complementary world-class organizations in the logistics field, whether it be with road haulers, warehousing or information technology.

With the successes achieved in rail logistics management, Vuyela group is confident as to the level of value that it can contribute to such a business partnership.

Vuyela group believes that through these relationships the Customer will ultimately benefit, and the support that can be offered by a larger logistics entity, comprising all facets of supply chain management, will enhance the Customer’s business success.


OCEAN FREIGHT
Vuyela Freight has developed strategic partnerships with major shipping lines to ensure we have coverage for all our customer requirements worldwide. We pride ourselves in our relationships with our customers and shipping lines.

Our team is passionate about exceeding expectations and has decades of experience handling diverse cargo. With a wide network of carriers, we offer competitive prices and flexible shipping routes to optimize your supply chain.

At Vuyela Freight we're not just your average freight forwarder.

Cost-effective for large and small volumes, our sea freight forwarding services ensure reliable and secure movement of your cargo. We handle all aspects of ocean logistics, including customs clearance. We serve diverse industries and handle a wide range of freight types, inspiring confidence for both your import and export needs.

We strive to be your trusted South African freight booking agent. We navigate logistics complexities with flexibility, using various transportation modes to deliver personalized solutions and cost-effective shipping strategies.

Our customers benefit from the advice and solutions of our senior management, prompt service, and competitive rates. We work closely with you to develop personalized shipping strategies that are both efficient and cost-effective.


Vuyela Refuel (Pty) Ltd
Establishment & Purpose: Vuyela Refuel (Pty) Ltd was established in April 2024, mainly to provide diesel to Vuyela Logistics and Vuyela Bulk.

Growth: This service, however, extended within a month to our suppliers and our volume went up to 1.4mil liters by end December 2024.

Product: We supply 50ppm diesel.

Operational Hours:

06h00 to 23h00 daily.

Weekends and public holidays: 07h00 to 15h00.

Current Volume: We are currently doing 40,000Lts per week on an ongoing basis.

Quality Assurance & Infrastructure
Quality Checks: All diesel received is quality checked by means of a water test, density test, and pregnancy test (check for paraffin); all must pass before we receive into our tank.

Capacity: We have an 80,000Lt tank with 2 pumping stations.


















